hi guys so this little video is just to
give you a quick peek at the sea craft
transmitter tray with the fpv monitor
attachment I've been using this tray
arrangement instead of the fat shark
goggles when I want to fly a line of
sight because of obstacles and things
like that
but I need to know or I would like to
know what the GoPro is seen so that I
know that whatever it is I want to be
filming is actually in the shot as you
can see I ordered a red one but for
those of you that would prefer you can
order it in either blue or black as well
and for those of you that pinch rather
than use your thumbs so you can actually
get a set of hand rests for the tray the
trays made out of cnc'd aluminum and I
will say that it went together perfectly
everything fit exactly as it should all
I did was put a piece of velcro on the
back of the monitor attachment and it's
very straightforward now to attach the
lipo that I use to power the receiver
and the monitor as well as the receiver
itself if you take a look at the monitor
bracket you'll see that there's
pre-drilled holes that are industry
standard spacing for many of these
monitors so that in my case I'm just
using a little seven inch monitor and it
lined up with two of the holes and some
of the other holes that you see will
line up with larger monitors so it makes
for a very secure and easy attachment
one of the truly clever design features
of this tray is the way in which you can
install and remove your radio from the
tray there's no tools or velcro required
and it simply snaps into place and this
makes your setup much quicker and
foolproof and the radio once on there is
very secure if you're going to consider
one of these trays take a look in the
video description and you'll see the
link for the different components to get
what I have here you're actually going
to be ordering three different
components the harness the tray itself
and then the fpv monitor attachment and
for those of you that wish you can also
order the hand rests for it as well so
in a recent visit to the club I asked
one of our club members super Dave to
model this unit for us so I could show
you a couple of pictures of the unit in
action being inherently lazier I was
looking for a solution to be able to
leave the monitor attached to the to the
tray and be able to safely transport it
around without wrecking it so I picked
up this case at Canadian Tire same thing
is available at Home Depot and it it you
can flip down the the tray and it fits
very nicely in the case and it also
holds a bunch of other crap that I end
up taking with me as a bonus you just
take about two minutes to take the
monitor attachment off of the tray and
you can use it to fly your planes
this is Harv and he switched over to the
same tray about a year ago and he hasn't
looked back since
you